Where is South Queens Junior High School located?    Where
Who is the principal of South Queens Junior High School?    Who
What has South Queens Junior High School done with its old metal shop?    What
Who runs the club?    Who
How big is the club?    How big
If you were a student, how much would a club membership cost you?    how much
What team did Babe play for?    What team
What position did Babe play?    What position
How tall was Babe?    How tall
How much was Babe paid to play basketball?    How much
How many games did the Edmonton Grads win?    How many games
When did Babe play for "the finest basketball team that ever stepped out on a floor"?    When
Why did Babe stop playing basketball?    Why
Who was Babe's husband?    Who
Where did Babe's daughter find scrapbooks?    Where
How much does Alexi Yashin earn as a hockey player?    How much
Who does Alexi Yashin play for?    Who
How much money did Alexi Yashin actually donate to the National Arts Centre?    How much money
Why do people go to the National Arts Centre?    Why
How would Alexi's parents have benefited from his donation to the National Arts Centre?    How
Where did reporters question Alexi Yashin?    Where
Who is Wiarton Willie?    Who
What happened to him two days before Groundhog day?    What
Who took care of Willie?    Who
How old was Willie when he died?    How old
When will he be buried?    When
Where did Willie live?    Where
Who claims to have received a message from Willie's spirit?    Who
Who plans to institute a common code of conduct for students?    Who
How many students would the code affect?    How many students
Under the code, what could happen to a student who swears at a teacher?    what
When is one time that schools will phone parents of students?    When
According to Johnson, how might a student's sloppy clothing affect them?    how
How long has it been since Westerners crossed the world's largest sand desert?    How long
Who are the nomadic natives of Oman?    Who
What three countries will the Canadians cross through on their desert trek?    What three countries
What is "Arabian Sands" about?    What
What advice did Mr. Thesiger give to the Canadians?    What advice
At what point did the group have to return to replace broken camel saddles?    what point
What type of clothing are the Canadians wearing on their journey across the desert?    What type of clothing
When did Clarke climb Mount Everest?    When
Where will the trio's journey end?    Where
Where is Todd McFarlane originally from?    Where
How old is Todd McFarlane?    How old
When did Todd McFarlane buy Mark McGwire's 70th home run ball?    When
How many historic baseballs does McFarlane now own?    How many historic baseballs
What does McFarlane want in return for making the "McFarlane Collection" available to places like the National Baseball Hall of Fame?    What
Whose ball did McFarlane buy for about $250,000 Canadian dollars?    Whose ball
How often is there a Toy Fair in New York?    How often
What type of sports facility does Maple Leaf Gardens function as?    What type of sports facility
When was the Maple Leaf Gardens built?    When
Where is the Maple Leaf Gardens?    Where
How far did Brent Shuya and his son have to drive just to reach Winnipeg?    How far
When did Foster Hewitt start broadcasting Maple Leaf games on the radio?    When
Where did Tommy and Ruth sit for the Leaf's games at the Gardens?    Where
Who was known as one of the toughest players in the NHL in the 1950s?    Who
What happened in Europe and England when Geoffrey was nine years old?    What
Where did Geoffrey Dewis live before he was nine?    Where
Where did Geoffrey Dewis live before he was nine?    Where
Why did CBC produce "Canada Calling"?    Why
When did Geoffrey Dewis die?    When
Who published Dewis's obituary?    Who
Who is Abdullah Ocalan?    Who
What do the Kurdish separatists want?    What
Why did Kurds all over the world hold violent demonstrations?    Why
How did an Ottawa police officer get burned?    How
What triggered some Kurds to try to occupy the Israeli consulate in Berlin?    What
How many protesters were injured at the Israeli consulate in Berlin?    How many protesters
What did Chancellor Schroeder tell the Kurds in Germany?    What
When did Ocalan start living outside of Turkey?    When
Why has Turkey sent soldiers into Northern Iraq?    Why
How many McDonald's restaurants are there in North America?    How many McDonald's restaurants
Where is the only unionized McDonald's in North America?    Where
When was the McDonald's unionized?    When
What happened when the Teamsters tried to unionize a McDonald's in Montreal?    What
According to their Quebec office, how did McDonald's feel about the vote to unionize the Montreal franchise?    how
Why did the St-Hubert McDonald's not get unionized?    Why
Who was the master of ceremonies for this year's Grammy Awards?    Who
What type of music does Lauryn Hill make?    What type of music
How many children does Lauryn Hill have?    How many children
Why did Jay-Z not attend the Grammy Awards?    Why
Where is Alanis Morissette from?    Where
What movie was the song "My Heart Will Go On" in?    What movie
Who wrote "My Heart Will Go On"?    Who
When did Madonna enter the music business?    When
Who is Will Smith's wife?    Who
What other form of show business does Will Smith participate in besides music?    What other form of show business
Who owns Youth News Network?      Who
What did it cost Meadowvale secondary to have a satellite dish, televisions, and audio-visual equipment installed?    What
How many students attend Meadowvale secondary school?    How many students
When is the deadline by which the school must decide whether to sign a five-year contract with YNN?    When
What does CBC Newsworld provide to schools?    What
Who is the principal of Meadowvale secondary?    Who
How long is YNN's newscast?    How long
What organization does Heather-Jane Robertson represent?    What organization
When was the international landmine treaty agreed to by 130 countries?    When
Which countries refused to sign the international accord on landmines?    Which countries
What do we call groups of people who are experts at ringing bells?    What
How long have North Korea and South Korea been in conflict?    How long
What is the name of the Portuguese anti-landmine film?    What
Who is the Secretary General of the United Nations?    Who
Where is Brasilia?    Where
Why will Wang Shui-Bo be attending the Oscars this year?    Why
What is the name of Wang's documentary?    What
Who fired on the student demonstrators in Tiananmen Square?    Who
When did Wang leave China?    When
Where does Wang live now?    Where
Who doesn't need another revolution, according to Wang?    Who
What is the scientific name for marijuana?    What
What is the Health Department's study going to examine about marijuana?    What
Who has the Canadian Health Department consulted with about obtaining marijuana?    Who
Why was Mark Crossley sentenced to house arrest?    Why
Where has marijuana already been approved for medical use?    Where
How long does it take for delta-9 tetrahydrocannabinol to be absorbed into the bloodstream when someone smokes marijuana?    How long
Who authored a study on the differences between the rich and poor in Canada?    Who
How is Alberta's economy doing?    How
Where in Alberta, Canada is the difference between rich and poor most noticible?    Where in Alberta, Canada
Why does Calgary have many high-paying managment jobs?    Why
When did Ms. Yalnizyan give a speech?    When
Where did the issue of chemical pollutants in the Arctic come to a head recently?    Where
Why is eating Arctic fish and game a frightening and tricky business?    Why
When did the issue of chemical contaminants in Arctic food come to a head?    When
Who does Carole Mills represent?    Who
How does Mills convince her family members to eat fish?    How
What are POPs?    What
What is muktuk?    What
Who is Eric Loring?    Who
Why does Carole Mills think it is more of a health risk not to eat country food than to eat it?    Why
How does Newfoundland intend to use a film of seals feasting on cod?    How
Why has there been a moratorium on cod fishing?    Why
When was the moratorium instituted?    When
What is the estimated size of the seal herd?    What
By how much does John Efford want to cut the seal herd?    how much
Where is Dalhousie University?    Where
How much was sealing worth to the Newfoundland economy in 1996?    How much
What is Bill 101?    What
What does Bill 101 require?    What
Who described Dr. Laurin as "a pioneer, a builder, a man of conviction, determined"?    Who
When did Bill 101 come into effect?    When
How does the president of the Alliance Quebec English-rights lobby describe Laurin's masterwork, Bill 101?    How
How do Quebec nationalists credit Bill 101?    How
Who said Bedouin ways are "a death in life."?    Who
How long did it take Jamie Clarke and his companions to travel 1,200 kilometers across the Arabian desert?    How long
What was one of the things that motivated Clarke during the journey?    What
Where did the team's journey begin?    Where
When did Clarke dream about the desert?    When
How do camels like to be spoken to?    How
What kind of treatments do the doctors want to give thirteen-year-old Tyrell Dueck for his cancer?    What kind of treatments
Where was the court where the trial took place?    Where
Where does Tyrell's father want him to go?    Where
How would Tyrell prefer to treat his medical condition?    How
Who does the boy need to speak to without his parents present, according to lawyers in the case?    Who
When will Tyrell likely die if he doesn't receive proper treatment?    When
Who won Monday night's game?    Who
When did hockey fans bring hand drums to a game to taunt the Native players?    When
Why do First Nations people allegedly "hate white people," according to some?    Why
What is Rod Bushie's role in the Assembly of Manitoba Chiefs?    What
How should politicians respond to racism, according to Bushie?    How
According to Bushie, what should the schools do to combat racism?    what
Where have the First Nation leaders been invited?    Where
Why did Judge A. R. Rothery not allow Tyrell Dueck to refuse cancer treatment?    Why
How would doctors have conventionally treated Tyrell's cancer?    How
What did doctors discover when Tyrell returned to them for treatment?    What
When did Tyrell discover the lump in his leg?    When
What is the name of the Duecks' lawyer?    What
Where is Tyrell's home?    Where
What do the nations of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization want to stop the Yugoslavians from doing?    What
What are the ethnic Albanians in Kosovo pushing for?    What
How old are the roots of the conflict between Kosovo and Serbia?    How old
How old are the roots of the conflict between Kosovo and Serbia?    How old
Where is the capital of Kosovo?    Where
Who is Slobodan Milosevic?    Who
How has Milosevic described the problems in Kosovo?    How
What does Milosevic refuse to do?    What
What do Yugoslav officials feel they can do in a war against NATO?    What
How many Canadian Forces personnel are based in Aviano, Italy?    How many Canadian Forces personnel
Where are the Canadian fighter bombers based?    Where
What is the goal of the NATO bombing in Yugoslavia?    What
How many of the targets they were given did the Canadian fighter bombers hit?    How many of the targets they
Why did one pilot not launch his weapons?    Why
Who has been protesting the bombing in Yugoslavia?    Who
When is a demonstration planned for the front of the House of Commons?    When
Who is Art Eggleton?    Who
How does the virus trick people into thinking they've received an e-mail from a person they know?    How
Why does the virus have the potential to clog e-mail servers?    Why
What three companies have had files affected by the virus?    What three companies
Who has a Computer Emergency Response Team?    Who
Who is Ms. Fithen?    Who
When did Carnagie Mellon learn of the virus?    When
What do "patches" from antivirus software makers do?    What
What can you do to protect yourself against "Melissa" and similar viruses?    What
When did Newfoundland become a British colony?    When
Who governed the early costal communities before civil governors replaced them?    Who
What factor divided the population of Newfoundland in the 1800s?    What factor
What date was the vote that made Newfoundland part of Canada?    What date
How many people cast their votes for the "responsible government" in the final vote that made Newfoundland part of Canada?    How many people
What were the pro-union Newfoundlanders called?    What
What were the pro-union Newfoundlanders called?    What
Who was prime minister when John Crosbie was a minister?    Who
Who was prime minister when John Crosbie was a minister?    Who
Where is CNN opening up a new news bureau?    Where
Who will write stories for the new bureau?    Who
What did Ms. Finlay ask Mr. Corley?    What
When does Ms. Finlay's radio program air?    When
Where have 76 centimeters of snow fallen since yesterday?    Where
When did Calgary, Alberta receive not a single snowflake?    When
What did the Hollywood movie crew do to transform a Calgary street into a wintry scene for the movie "Snow Day"?    What
Who is the star of "Snow Day"?    Who
In the movie "Snow Day," what are the kids in Syracuse trying to do?    
What did Hudon do in jail to protest his arrest?    What
How did Hudon's relatives get him freed from jail?    How
How did Pascal Hudon react when he was set free from jail, according to his mother?    How
Who is Joaquin Garcia?    Who
How long has Mexico had laws to prevent looting of archeological sites?    How long
Where did Pascal Hudon claim he found the eight figurines?    Where
How many Mexican historical sites are monitored constantly?    How many Mexican historical sites
Where does Pascal Hudon intend to visit next?    Where
When were the 170 children of the Sons of Freedom sect of the Doukhobor faith locked up in internment camp?    When were the 170 children of the Sons of Freedom sect of the Doukhobor faith
Where was the internment camp for the children located?    Where
What did ombudsman Dulcie McCallum's investigation into the treatment of the Doukhobor children find?    What
What did the government force the children to build while they were interned in the camp?    What
How often were the interned children allowed to visit with their parents?    How often
Who is Ujjal Dosanjn?    Who
How have provincial officials responded to the ombudsman's report?    How
How many cases of measles were there in 1995 in Canada?    How many cases of measles
When did Canadian children begin to receive anti-measles vaccinations?    When
What is Rubella?    What
Why do some parents not get their children vaccinated?    Why
Who tried to prevent Grade Four Students from being immunized against Hepatitis B?    Who
Where does Donald Henderson work?    Where
Who was who was chanting "Shame on China" on Wednesday?    Who
Who is the mayor of Saint John's?    Who
How long will the premier of China be in Canada?    How long
Where was Zhu before he came to Canada?    Where
How did Zhu respond to questions about a prominent dissident?    How
Where did Premier Zhu go after meeting with Newfoundland's Premier Brian Tobin?    Where
What does the white cowboy hat symbolize in Calgary?    What
Where is the Fraser River?    Where
What are the fertile soils of the Fraser River good for?    What
How large is the Fraser River watershed?    How large
When will the river probably reach its highest level this year?    When
How deep were the flood waters in 1948?    How deep
How many people died in the 1948 flood?    How many people
Who is the Environment Ministry spokesman quoted in this story?    Who
How long did Gretzky dominate the sport of hockey?    How long
Who won the last game Gretzky played?    Who
Where did Gretzky play his last hockey game?    Where
Why will the number 99 never be worn again by a professional hockey player?    Why
When did Gretzky's parents tell him they were proud of him?    When
Why did Gretzky say he was "devastated"??    Why
How will Wayne Gretzky be competing again?    How
What did Gretzky do when he saw a youngster's hand extended from the crowd?    What
Who played with Gretzky on the Edmonton Oilers?    Who
How many students were killed in the Columbine High School shootings?    How many students
How many students were killed in the Columbine High School shootings?    How many students
What did the two students who did the shootings do as they moved through the school?    What
Who described the shootings as a "suicide mission"?    Who
Where is Columbine High School located?    Where
When did Columbine High School open?    When
Why did American President Bill Clinton go on television?    Why
What did President Clinton say is the challenge facing America?    What
Who did students describe as a hero?    Who
What would the bill sponsored by Representative Doug Dean do for gun owners?    What
How many parents from Calgary protested against a teachers' strike?    How many parents from Calgary
Where did the parents protest?    Where
What is the biggest stumbling block in the dispute between the teachers and the school board?    What
Who is Teresa Woo-Paw?    Who
When are teachers poised to strike?    When
What will a teachers' strike force parents to do?    What
What effect will the present school board plans have on teachers?    What effect
What happens to Grade 12 diploma exams if teachers strike?    What
Who is urging the teachers and school board to keep talking?    Who
When was a sheep cloned by Scottish scientists?    When
What type of animal did Nexia Biotechnologies clone?    What type of animal
How many clones did Nexia Biotechnologies make?    How many clones
Who is the president of Nexia Biotechnologies ?    Who
Besides being very strong, what are the advantages of BioSteel?    what
What is the population of Taber?    What
Who shot two students at a high school in Taber?    Who
Where is the Taber gunman now?    Where
Who died in the Taber shooting?    Who
Why were yesterday evening's activities at Taber Evangelical Free Church modified?    Why
When was there a school shooting in Colorado?    When
When did Qemal Sefa's family flee Kosovo?    When
How did Sefa's family reach the Albanian border?    How
How far did Sefa's family live from the Albanian border?    How far
Where did Qemal Sefa use to work?    Where
How old is Qemal Sefa?    How old
What happened to the money and supplies Esat tried to send to his brother's family?    What happened to the money and supplies Esat
What is the name of the UN organization responsible for refugees?    What
How long have people inhabited the Yukon region, according to new research?    How long
How did the first inhabitants of North America get here?    How
Where is Eastern Beringia?    Where
Where is Eastern Beringia?    Where
Where was the latest evidence supporting earlier dates for the first human inhabitants of North America found?    Where
What did archeologists find in the Bluefish Caves?    What
Who does Jacques Cing-Mars think used the caves?    Who
What does author Heather Pringle think archeology is about?    What
Which U.S. states were hit by the numerous tornados?    Which U.S. states
What is the recognizable shape of a tornado?    What
Who said 40 people were killed in Oklahoma alone?    Who
When did authorities discover the initial count of 10 deaths in Sedgwick County was wrong?    When
Where was Chad Harris when the tornado hit?    Where
What is the wind speed range of an F-4 tornado?    What
How many F-5 tornados hit the United States each year on average?    How many F-5 tornados
Why is the scale of intensity for tornados called the Fujita scale?    Why
How do scientists rank tornados?    How
Where in Nova Scotia did the plane carrying Kosovo refugees land?    Where in Nova Scotia
How will many of the Kosovo refugees spend their time in Canada?    How
When did Shamsay Amoosa flee his homeland of Kosovo?    When
Who was with Ahmet Konyoury on the plane to Canada?    Who
How many countries worldwide does the United Nations Security Council represent?    How many countries worldwide
What is giving firefighters a hand in battling several large forest fires across Northern Ontario?    What
When might some people be allowed to return to their homes?    When
Where has a state of emergency been declared?    Where
Why could Manitoba send fire fighters and equipment to the latest hotspot in northwestern Ontario?    Why
Who is Natural Resources Minister?    Who
How did Bob Thomas What describe forest conditions right now?    How did Bob Thomas What
How many forest fires have there been in Ontario since April 1?    How many forest fires
What has triggered most of the fires in Ontario that have occurred since April 1?    What
How many Canadians have diabetes and don't realize it?    How many Canadians
What kinds of health problems do diabetics potentially face?    What kinds of health problems
How is diabetes currently controlled?    How
What does insulin do for our bodies?    What
What do Type 1 diabetics' immune systems do to insulin-producing cells?    What
Where does Dr. Yoon's team work?    Where
Why will diabetics have to be patient, despite Dr. Ji-Won Yoon's discovery?    Why
Who is Holly McWilliams?    Who
When did Star Wars fans across Canada begin lining up for tickets to Star Wars: Episode 1 The Phantom Menace" movie?    When
Why did someone sleep in a tent on a sidewalk in front of a theater in Montreal?    Why
How did Mark Churchill describe the movie, "The Phantom Menace"?    How
Who said "the effects were top notch" when he was talking about "The Phantom Menace"?    Who
How much money are some scalpers in Los Angeles asking for a Phantom Menace ticket?    How much money
Where have offers for tickets been common?    Where
What does Stephen Cole of the National Post say is missing in the Phantom Menace?    What
Where is Gisborne Lake?    Where
Why does Gerry White want to build a pipeline from Gisborne Lake to Grand Lepierre?    Why
What do Ottawa and the provinces want to negotiate?    What
Who is Maude Barlow?    Who
If the water export plan goes ahead, what is triggered?    what
What does Maude Barlow think American firms will do?    What
When does Ottowa have to act if it wants to stop the pipeline plan?    When
How has the pipeline project been proved safe, according to Gerry White?    How
Where is Kosovo?    Where
When did the NATO bombing start?    When
What will Thordis Gutnick do for the refugees?    What
How many Kosovars are eligible for Canada's family reunification program?    How many Kosovars
Why is the Kosovo leadership concerned about taking refugees so far from home?    Why
Who is the attorney general of British Columbia?    Who
Who was Owen Hart?    Who
How did Owen Hart die?    How
Which one of Owen's siblings is a wrestler?    Which one of Owen's siblings
What is the average age of people who watch TSN's professional wrestling shows?    What
When are the next summer Olympics going to be held?    When
Where does Jesse Ventura serve as governor?    Where
How long has Julie Payette wanted to be an astronaut?    How long
When she was in school, what would Julie do instead of going to recess?    When she was in school, what
How many languages does Julie speak?    How many languages
When was Julie selected to be an astronaut by the Canadian Space Agency?    When
Where will the space shuttle Discovery be taking Julie?    Where
What will Julie use to document the mission progress?    What
Who will be Julie work with to change solar batteries?    Who
Who is Aline Chretien married to?    Who
When was the International Space Station launched?    When
How many people live in La Ronge?    How many people
Who is the mayor of La Ronge?    Who
Why did Gary Vettree's house not burn down?    Why
How high was the fire in the industrial area of town?    How high
Where were the evacuees taken when the fire threatened their homes?    Where
When were the evacuees able to go back to their homes?    When
Why didn't Canadian astronaut Julie Payette get time to put on her red clown nose and listen to the Sarah McLaughlan CD she brought along with her on her shuttle flight    Why
Who led the way into the unfinished station?    Who
Where was the temperature in the space station only 14 degrees?    Where
What did Valery Tokarev and Julie Payette change inside the Russian-built Zarya control module?    What
How did the crew reduce the noise level from fans inside Zarya?    How
What is the noise level in an office?    What
When are the first permanent residents due to arrive at the International Space Station?    When
How did Ontario Premier Mike Harris describe his re-election campaign?    How
What are ridings?    What
Why does a majority government make it much easier for the ruling party to make decisions?    Why
Who is the leader of the Liberals?    Who
When was the last time any party won two majority governments in a row in Ontario?    When
Where did Premier Mike Harris address cheering supporters?    Where
Who hounded Mike Harris at every appearance?    Who
What are returning officers?    What
Why will this year's sealift to northern Canada start early?    Why
Why can't all supplies just be flown to northern Canada?    Why
How much can a can of pop cost in northern Canada?    How
What does a litre of milk cost in northern Canada?    What
When did Colin Crosbie become involved in shipping in the Arctic?    When
Where is Iqaluit?    Where
Where is Iqaluit?    Where
When will Judge Arbour start her new job on Canada's Supreme Court?    When
Who is Judge Arbour replacing in her new job?    Who
Before getting her new position, what was Judge Arbour's job?    what
Where did Judge Arbour get her law degree?    Where
Who says Louise Arbour is "a down-to-earth individual"?    Who
What was the president of Yugoslavia indicted for?    What was the president of Yugoslavia
Why was the announcement about Judge Arbour not made until NATO and Yugoslavia signed an agreement?    Why
When did 14,000 NATO troops enter the southern Yugoslavian province of Kosovo?    When
Who is Slobodan Milosevic?    Who
Why are the NATO troops in Kosovo?    Why
As the NATO troops enter Kosovo, what do many of the residents of Kosovo feel they must do?    what
According to NATO spokesman Jamie Shea, how is troop deployment going?    how
When do all Serb forces have to be withdrawn from Kosovo?    When
When was the last time a Canadian was executed in the United States?    When
Of which province in Canada was Stanley Faulder a native?    which province in Canada
What would a stay of execution have allowed?    What
How was Faulder killed?    How
What has Charlene Gingera been working with the Faulder family to do since 1997    What
Why did Texas Governor George W. Bush refuse to grant a stay of execution for Faulder?    Why
Which member of the Canadian Parliament said that Texas officials should ignore the argument that Faulder's rights were violated when he wasn't told he could contact Canadian consular officials when he was charged with murder?    Which member of the Canadian Parliament
How was Faulder on the day of his execution, according to Charlene Gingera?    How
In the last few days before the execution, what were Faulder's relatives hoping for?    what
What is a "resident"?    What
Where is Mt. Sinai hospital?    Where
How does a doctor usually learn how to perform operations?    How
What do doctors at Mt. Sinai hospital learn on?    What do doctors at Mt. Sinai hospital
In the future, what might doctors use to perfect their techniques?    what
Why are latex intestines a good teaching tool?    Why
Where in the Canadian Arctic are the 50 beluga whales trapped?    Where in the Canadian Arctic
Why have the whales become trapped?    Why
Through what are the whales breathing?    
Who is trying to save the whales?    Who
Even in the best of conditions, how long can beluga whales stay under water?    how long
How are the bears killing the whales?    How
What is Quebec Premier Lucien Bouchard's special legislation intended to do?    What
Under Bouchard's legislation, what could be imposed on the leaders of the nurses' union if they do not call off the strike immediately?    what
Where are nurses demonstrating?    Where
Who is Michele Boisclair?    Who
Why is Premier Bouchard reluctant to give the nurses more money?    Why
What are many drivers doing to show their support for the nurses on strike?    What
Who else has threatened to strike?    Who else
When will the hospital pharmacists leave their jobs if the situation does not improve?    When
How will some Quebec doctors respond unless the Premier comes up with more money for health care    How
When did American geologists discover dinosaurs bones in the Antarctic?    When
Who is the plesiosaur supposed to resemble?    Who
How big were the mosasaur's teeth?    How big
When did mosasaurs probably arrive in Antarctica?    When
Where are all the places in the world mentioned in this article in which mosasaur bones been have been found?    Where
What does this new discovery of dinosaur bones tell us about the Antarctic?    What
How many years in a row has the United Nations ranked Canada the best country in the world to live in?    How many years in a row
What is personal income?    What
Where is life expectancy 76 years of age?    Where
Who ranked first in healthcare?    Who
In what year did Canadians earn an average of $16,525 US?    what year
Why is life improving for people in developed countries like Canada, according to the UN report?    Why
Who traveled across America to help convince the American government that stricter gun control laws are needed?    Who
Where is Columbine High School?    Where
How did the two teenage gunmen at Columbine High School die?    How
When does Bill Clinton want to have new gun laws passed?    When
How does President Clinton hope to put an end to school shootings?    How
Why do some members of the government oppose gun control?    Why
Why do some members of the public oppose gun control?    Why
Where did John Jr's plane crash?    Where
What does it mean when a "search and rescue" mission becomes a "search and recovery" mission?    What
Why does the U.S. Coast Guard want to find the plane's crash site?    Why
Who was John F. Kennedy Jr's father?    Who
How did John Jr's father die?    How
When did John Jr's father die?    When
How many Kennedys have been involved in U.S. politics?    How many Kennedys
Why is B.C. Premier Glen Clark unpopular?    Why
How should Clark handle his unpopularity, according to political analysts?    How
Who wrote Glen Clark and specifically asked him to quit his job?    Who
What party is Glen Clark the leader of in B.C.?    What party
Who is at risk of suffering from shellfish asthma?    Who
What type of illness is shellfish asthma?    What type of illness
Which types of shellfish cause the illness?    Which types of shellfish
Why did the government place limits on how many fish can be caught?    Why
Why is it difficult to find a job in Newfoundland's fishing industry?    Why
Where have important jobs been created that help replace the ones that were lost?    Where
Why are many workers are trying to live with their symptoms?    Why
How does the union representing plant workers feel about shellfish asthma?    How
Where was a mummified wooly mammoth found?    Where was a mummified wooly mammoth
Who is going to dig up the dead wooly mammoth?    Who
How do scientists hope to create an exact duplicate of the mammoth?    How
Why is it important that the the colour of the mammoth's hair and the smell of the skin are still present?    Why
When did the wooly mammoth live?    When
What modern animals do wooly mammoths look most like?    What modern animals
What is the name of the Labrador Inuit homeland?    What
How much land would the agreement give the Labrador Inuit?    How much land
What are native claims?    What
Where in Canada do the Labrador Inuit claim to own land?    Where in Canada
How did the president of the Labrador Inuit Association describe the deal?    How
What birthday is the Queen Mum celebrating?    What birthday
Why did Adolf Hitler call the Queen Mum the most dangerous woman in Europe?    Why
What injury did the Queen Mum suffer last winter    What injury
At whose wedding the Queen Mum do the twist?    whose wedding the Queen Mum
How many official homes does the Queen Mother have?    How many official homes
Why does the Queen Mum face less media pressure than other members of the royal family?    Why
When did the Queen Mother last travel overseas?    When
Who is Canada's Minister of Health?    Who
Where does the government want to put pictures of diseased lungs?    Where
When does Allen Rock want the new cigarette packages in Canadian stores?    When
Who is Rob Parker a spokesman for?    Who
How much would it cost to change the cigarette packaging, according to The Canadian Tobacco Manufacturers Association?    How much
What do anti-smoking organizations think about the cigarette packaging plan?    What
What do Jerry's glasses have on them?    What
When did Jerry get electrodes implanted in his brain?    When
How old is Jerry?    How old
Who helped Jerry see?    Who
Where does John Girvin work as a professor?    Where
Why could students at Sisler High School be sent home or suspended for kissing?    Why
How are students at Sisler expected to treat each other, according to vice-principal Mike Kachmar?    How
How did Kachmar describe school?    How
Why did Kachmar say he announced the ban on kissing?    Why
How far back in Western civilization are there references to kissing?    How far back in Western civilization
Who said he has never witnessed a problem in Sisler's hallways?    Who
Where was kissing rarely practiced until the 20th century?    Where
When were medieval knights kissed?    When
What is the "holy kiss" still a part of?    What
